# policycompression_actionconsiderationsets

 Code for the manuscript "Action subsampling supports policy compression in large action spaces" (2024). The authors are Shuze Liu and Samuel J. Gershman. 

Preprint link forthcoming...
- **Bold** words are .m filenames.
- *Italicized* words are .mat filenames or directory folder names.

All code assumes that the current directory of Matlab is the main folder. Hence, do the following before running any code:
```
# The variable main_folder contains the path to the main folder on your computer
cd(main_folder)
addpath(genpath(main_folder))
```
The code runs on Matlab version R2023a. 

## Online experiment
- Experiment: https://gershmanlab.com/experiments/shuze/bandits_approx/experiment/index_exp1.html

## Main folder
- **manuscript_allfigures.m** creates all figures for the manuscript, based on the human datafiles and the saved simulation files.

## *data* subfolder
- *data_exp1.mat* is the raw datafile for each experiment. We excluded all participants who, over all test blocks, did not respond within the response time (RT) deadline for more than or equal to 20 trials. This datafile is used by **manuscript_allfigures.m** above.
- *data_exp1_noexclusion.mat* do not apply the exclusion criterion. Hence it includes both included and excluded participants. 

## *figures* subfolder
- It contains all figures generated by **manuscript_allfigures.m** above.

## *utils* subfolder
- It contains helper functions for the Blahut-Arimoto algorithm, mutual information and conditional entropy estimation, within-participant errorbar visualization, color palettes, Blahut-Arimoto under partial action consideration sets (BA or SSNI), visualization helper functions, and a helper function that removes nonresponsive trials.

## *saved_files* subfolder
- It contains saved simulation files. These simulation files are created by commented-out lines in **manuscript_allfigures.m**.

